Update Xperia 10 III port status (#57)
sailfishos/docs.sailfishos.org: Develop/HW_Adaptation/Sailfish_X_Xperia_Android_11_Build_and_Flash/README.md

Known issues:

  - Camera:

>     - Sensors of tele and uwide lenses are disabled for now, this is done because they
>       depend on MultiCamera which creates issues when switching between in Camera1 API
>       mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Sensors of tele and uwide lenses are disabled for now, this is done because they
      depend on MultiCamera which creates issues when switching between them when using
      Camera1 API mode.
```
Just a slight change of wording to make the meaning clearer.

>     - Sensors of tele and uwide lenses are disabled for now, this is done because they
>       depend on MultiCamera which creates issues when switching between in Camera1 API
>       mode.
>       Similar bug on AOSP too: <https://github.com/sonyxperiadev/bug_tracker/issues/732>
>     - Need to restart Camera app or turn the screen on and off after finishing recording video, upstream bug <https://github.com/sonyxperiadev/bug_tracker/issues/761>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Sensors of tele and uwide lenses are disabled for now, because they depend on MultiCamera which creates issues when switching between front and rear in Camera1 API mode.
      Similar bug on AOSP too: <https://github.com/sonyxperiadev/bug_tracker/issues/732>
    - Need to restart Camera app or turn the screen off and on after finishing recording video, upstream bug <https://github.com/sonyxperiadev/bug_tracker/issues/761>
    - Screen brightness does not correspond slider value, also on AOSP <https://github.com/sonyxperiadev/bug_tracker/issues/764>. This causes display luminosity fluctuate when automatic brightness setting is enabled.
```
